A man is being arrested by a female police officer, who informs him, "Anything you say can and will be held against you." The man replies, "Boobs!"
Life is like toilet paper, you're either on a roll or taking shit from some asshole.
What's worse than waking up at a party and finding a penis drawn on your face? Finding out it was traced.
I saw six men kicking and punching the mother-in-law. My neighbour said ‘Are you going to help?' I said ‘No, six should be enough.'
If a guy remembers the color of your eyes after the first date, chances are... you have small boobs.
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you.
My dad sent me to a psychiatrist for wearing his bra again.
I bought a box of condoms earlier today. The cashier asked if I'd like a bag. I said "nah, I'll just turn the lights off."
Got an e-mail today from a "bored housewife 33, looking for some action!" I've sent her my ironing, that'll keep her busy.
Isn't it scary that doctors call what they do "practice"?
When I die, I hope I have enough time to point at a complete stranger and whisper "You did this."
I asked my wife why she never blinked during foreplay. She said she didn't have time.
Unexpected sex is a great way to be woken up... If you're not in prison.
Did you know that if you hold your ear up to a strangers leg you can actually hear them say "what the fuck are you doing?
I was masturbating today and my hand fell asleep - that's got to be the ultimate rejection.
What do a nearsighted gynecologist and a puppy have in common? A wet nose.
I'm emotionally constipated. I haven't given a shit in days.
I told my doctor that I broke my arm in two places – he told me to stop going to those places.
Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes. That way, when you do criticize them, you're a mile away, and you have their shoes.
I was at the park wondering why this frisbee kept getting bigger… and then it hit me.
I know they say that money talks, but all mine says is “Goodbye.”
What's the difference between a well-dressed cyclist and a scruffy guy on a tricycle? A tire.
I'm so good at sleeping I can do it with my eyes closed!
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is.
The Doctor told me I have 1 year to live, so I killed him. The judge just gave me 25 years.
You have the perfect face for radio.
Erotic is using a feather, kinky is using the whole chicken...
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off
FRIDAY is my second favorite F word.
What do you call a woman who is paralyzed from the waist down? Married.
Einstein used science to get laid; that guy is a genius... I've been using money.
Friends are like boobs. Some big,some small. Some real, some fake.
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat.
Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why several of us died of tuberculosis.
PMS jokes aren't funny. Period.
Instead of "Who's your daddy" I accidentally said, "How's your daddy" and we put our clothes back on and started discussing her dad's cholesterol.
Should crematoriums give discounts for burn victims?
Today, I asked my phone “Siri, why am I still single?” and it activated the front camera.
As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe my budding career as a tour guide was not the right choice.
Even people who are good for nothing have the capacity to bring a smile to your face, like when you push them down the stairs.
My mom died when we couldn’t remember her blood type. As she died, she kept telling us to “be positive,” but it’s hard without her.
I visited my new friend in his apartment. He told me to make myself at home. So I threw him out. I hate having visitors.
Do you know the phrase “One man’s trash is another man’s treasure”? Wonderful saying, horrible way to find out that you were adopted.
Give a man a match, and he’ll be warm for a few hours. Set him on fire, and he will be warm for the rest of his life.
My wife is mad that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it leaves you and never comes back.
What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick.
My parents raised me as an only child, which really pissed off my sister.
They laughed at my crayon drawing. I laughed at their chalk outline.
I have many jokes about unemployed people—sadly none of them work.
You’re not completely useless. You can always be used as a bad example.
I threw a boomerang a few years ago. I now live in constant fear.
I made a website for orphans. It doesn’t have a home page.
“I’m sorry” and “I apologize” mean the same thing. Except at a funeral.
I'll never forget my Grandfather’s last words to me just before he died. "Are you still holding the ladder?"
My grandma has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the zoo.
"I work with animals," the guy says to his Tinder date.  "That's so sweet," she replies. "I like a man who loves animals. Where do you work?" "I'm a butcher," he says.
You don’t need a parachute to go skydiving. You need a parachute to go skydiving twice.
Today was the worst day of my life. My ex got hit by a school bus, and I lost my job as a bus driver.
They say the surest way to a man’s heart is through the stomach. But, I find going through the ribcage a lot easier.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. Or at least it does if you throw it hard enough.
Dark humor is like food. Not everyone gets it.
My boss told me to have a good day. So I went home.
I was shocked when I found out my toaster was not waterproof.
When life gives you melons, you might be dyslexic.
Just burned 2,000 calories. That’s the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I nap.
I don’t suffer from insanity—I enjoy every minute of it.
Maybe if we start telling people their brain is an app, they’ll want to use it.
I buy all my guns from a guy called T-Rex. He’s a small arms dealer.
What do you call a plastic yellow-feathered thief? A robber ducky.
Why do ducks make the best detectives? Because they always seem to quack the case!
What is the ideal career for a duck? Webb design!