Hey baby what's your blood type? Cause I wanna know if I can give you my heart.
Hey girl, are you an NVIDIA Fermi graphics card? Because you are HOT
If you were a vegetable, you"d be a "cute-cumber."
Are you an archaeologist because I've got a bone for you to examine
You Sexy, You Fine. I Really Wanna Make You Mine.
You need a STUD, I have the STD all I need is you
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
If I had 4 quarters to give to the 4 prettiest girls in the world, you would have a dollar.
Hey girl, are you a noose? Because I'd like to have your arms wrapped around my neck, comforting my pitiful existence.
Hey girl, are you a 90 degree angle? Cause you looking right. Sorry, was that not acute pickup line? Honestly, I'm very sorry, I'm just being obtuse at this point. But in all reality, I think we'd be complementary together. Just let me be yo supplement.
Do you happen to have a Band-Aid? ‘Cause I scraped my knees falling for you.
If I had a dime for every time I thought of you... I'd have one dime ...cuz baby, u never leave my mind
I heard you're good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y
Were your parents aliens? Because you're out of this world.
Hey, are you an American voter by any chance? Because I was hoping I could convince you to make a stupid choice you'd later regret.
You know what's beautiful? Read the first word.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush.
When I look in your eyes, I see a very kind soul.
If I were a letter I'd be a Q, because I always want to be next to U.
If you were a potato, you'd be a hot potato.
Are you my appendix? Because I don't understand how you work, but this feeling in my stomach makes me wanna take you out.
When I look in your eyes, I see a very kind soul.
Do you have a duck’s sense of wonder? Because you’ve opened my eyes to beauty.
Are you on a United flight? Because I'd hit that
You can call me WiFi, 'cause I'm pretty much guaranteed to go down on you.
girl, are you my GPA? Because I know I could do better, I'm just too lazy to actually try.
Are you an undecided voter? Because I was wondering if we Ken Bone
Are you a sea lion? Because I can sea you lion in my bed later.
Of all your beautiful curves, your smile is my favourite.
Are you a parking ticket? 'Cause you've got "fine" written all over you.
Are you my homework, cause I'm not doing you but I definitely should be.
Are you a duck whisperer? Because you’ve captured my attention completely.
There isn't a word in the dictionary to describe how beautiful you are.
So, aside from taking my breath away, what do you do for a living?
Can I follow you on IG? Cause my mom told me to always follow my dreams
ay gurl, are u a beaver? cus dam
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
Are you a duckling? Because you’ve quacked your way into my heart.
Guess what I"m wearing? The smile you gave me!
Your eyes are like the ocean; I could swim in them all day.
Are you a duck’s favorite song? Because you’ve got me singing with delight.
You’ve got something on your face. Wait, no, it’s just missing something. My face.
I volunteer as your victim tonight since you're clearly dressed to kill.
I love your shirt, can I try it on in the morning?
Your outfit would look great on my bedroom floor.
Let’s make a deal: I’ll cook you dinner if you cook me breakfast.
Is your body a map? Because I love to travel.
Wanna commit a sin for your next confession?
Do you like bacon? Wanna strip?
Are you butt-dialing me? Because I swear that ass is calling me.
Are you feeling down? Because I’d happily feel you up.
I’m cold, can I use your thighs as earmuffs?
Let's help mother earth and save water by showering together.
I was wondering if you had an extra heart. Mine was just stolen.
Kiss me if I’m wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Hey, you’re pretty and I’m cute. Together we’d be Pretty Cute.
Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
I’m sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start.
Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I’d die.
I’m no mathematician, but I’m pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, give me yours and watch what I can do with it.
Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
y buddies bet me that I wouldn’t be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Go ahead, feel my shirt. It’s made of boyfriend material!
They say Disney is the happiest place on earth. Well apparently, no one has ever been standing next to you.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can’t hold it in.
Let us let only latex stand between our love.
You’re so pretty that I forgot my pickup line.
Make out with me if I am wrong, but isn't the Earth flat?
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin me.
They say kissing is a language of love, so would you mind starting a conversation with me?
Let me suggest an excellent strategy to work off calories
I think I could fall madly in bed with you.
Your dress is really pretty. Do you need help getting out of it without ruining it?
You don’t have to do the walk of shame tomorrow; I drive!
Tell your boobs to stop staring at my eyes.