"It's better to change an opinion than to persist in a wrong one." - Socrates.
"Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have owas once among the things you hoped for." - Epicurus.
"Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom." - Aristotle.
"Learn to ask of all actions 'Why are they doing that?', starting with your own." - Marcus Aurelius.
"To live without philosophizing is in truth the same as keeping the eyes closed without attempting to open them." - Rene Descartes.
"History is philosophy teaching by example" - Thucydides
“Hardship often prepares an ordinary person for an extraordinary destiny.” - Christopher Markus
“Well, I must endure the presence of a few caterpillars if I wish to become acquainted with the butterflies.” - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
“Every man is a creature of the age in which he lives and few are able to raise themselves above the ideas of the time.” - Voltaire
"You have power over your mind – not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.” - Marcus Aurelius.
“The highest activity a human being can attain is learning for understanding, because to understand is to be free.” - Baruch Spinoza
“The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious. It is the fundamental emotion that stands at the cradle of true art and true science.” - Albert Einstein
“Life must be understood backward. But it must be lived forward .” - Søren Kierkegaard
“The flame that burns Twice as bright burns half as long.” - Lao Tzu
“Those who educate children well are more to be honored than they who produce them; for these only gave them life, those the art of living well.” - Aristotle
“The price good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men.” - Plato
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” - Oscar Wilde
“Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.” - Martin Luther King Jr
“Without music, life would be a mistake.” - Friedrich Nietzsche
“We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.” - Oscar Wilde
"Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten." - Neil Gaimen
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” - George Eliot
“There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.” - Maya Angelou
“When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.” - Helen Keller
“You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love.” - Nicholas Sparks
“Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.” - Margaret Mead
“I hope she'll be a fool -- that's the best thing a girl can be in this world, a beautiful little fool.” - F Scott Fitzgerald.
“Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.” - George Orwell
“First they ignore you. Then they ridicule you. And then they attack you and want to burn you. And then they build monuments to you.” - Nicholas Klein
“Be generous... TRULY treat all men equally. Allow [other groups] the right to be scheming bastards, hmm?” - Terry Pratchett
"QUACK" - Ludderz